It was 47 years ago today,
Paul McCartney announced that the Beatles were breaking up.
I think that McCartney's best songs were when he was
with the Beatles,
as there was this healthy co-op petition
between John Lennon, cooperation and competition.
I think that competition is good for the consumer.
And you can give a real example of a business scenario
that's relevant for this speech.
Remember the solo test.
So, in this example,
we use a historical event that occurred on this day,
and you can actually go to this web address right here,
and enter in the date,
and you will find out exactly what happened
on the day in history.
And if you are having issues coming up
with something creative or different,
or something interesting, in order to start out your speech,
check out that history website for ideas on what happened
in this date in history, okay?
Also, search for historic images too when you present
a new place.
Now here's an example that is,
really touching if I were to present in Canada, okay?
Or you can create a few fake headlines on a newspaper
in the future.
Like, this one here. Okay?
It's, this is from a great movie.
It, I bet you know what movie it is.
Try and take a guess.
Okay.
If you haven't seen it, it's Back To The Future.
You gotta see it.
And it's really cool because Back To The Future
came out 1985,
and they projected 30 years into the future,
and they predicate, I should say,
what's gonna happen. Right?
And they show this futuristic newspaper.
Oh, look how futuristic USA Today's logo looks, right?
Hill Valley edition.
But it's kinda, it might take a little while for you to,
to create this, but it's something that's incredibly unique.
Right? And you can shock an audience
with something kinda fun like this. Right?
Okay. Anyway. Great movie. You gotta see it.
Back To The Future. Marty McFly.
Great flick. Great flick.
Okay. So, quick side note.
You gotta enjoy creating the content for the presentation,
and if you got the time,
you don't feel like you're enjoying it, you know,
creating the content for your presentation,
then please just come back to it later. Right?
Or put on some really cool inspiring background music.
Right? If you enjoy everything you do,
then you'll be amazing at it.
This is why programmers work so hard when they're coding,
because they love it.
So just, try to be very creative,
and enjoy the process as well.
And if you do, your passion will come through
when you're presenting on game day.